---
layout: post
title:  "Why blog in 2020?"
date:   2020-01-01 10:30:00
categories: misc
---

After taking an embarrassing amount of time to set this up on github pages last night I wanted to quickly get something out there which was [my goals for 2020](https://bk8335.github.io/misc/2019/12/31/why-hello-there.html). This morning after wasting even more time failing to change the jekyll theme to something darker I wanted to share why I've decided to setup a blog in 2020.

Nick Maggiulli (of Dollars and Data) put up a [great post about advice to bloggers](https://ofdollarsanddata.com/my-best-advice-to-prospective-bloggers/), which was the kick I never knew I needed to get started. I have tried blogging before a few different times now, but have never truly got it to stick into a regular habit.
One reason is that I was trying too hard to come across as impressive, and as a result writing formally was difficult for me to keep up with.

So this time I've decided to take the pressure off, and simply write about whatever I feel like, at least once a week. It will be half blog, half journal. In that way, even if no one ever reads this it won't be a total failure as I am writing for myself as much as the rest of the world. Writing is a good habit anyway, and having it available publicly (even if no one does read it), still puts a bit of pressure on myself to keep going and turn it into a habit.
It will also be interesting to look back on these posts as a snapshot. If there were predictions, were they accurate, if something felt like a big deal at the time, was it just a flash in the pan etc.

So here are some of the things I plan to write about in 2020:
* How I'm doing trying to build a social network for investors to share their portfolios with each other on [holfolio.com](//holfolio.com)
* Investing and personal finance (its a lot less scary than it seems)
* Trends in tech and finance
* Fitness/health and personal challenges


